bmi-oms
=======

This project is under development. The goal is to provide wrapper for
loading BMI models (Peckham, Hutton, and Norris 2013) into OMS (David et
al. 2013) compliant modeling frameworks and vice-versa.

Gradle
------

bmi-oms is now a `Gradle <https://gradle.org/>`__ project. It is a
Further features of the building system are under development.

Building the ReadMe file
------------------------

To build the ReadMe file in order to automatically generate the
References you should install the following to packages:
`pandoc <http://pandoc.org/>`__ and
`pandoc-citeproc <http://pandoc.org/demo/example19/Extension-citations.html>`__.
Then, from command line:

::

    <working_directory> $ pandoc doc/ReadMe/ReadMe.md -o ReadMe.rst --bibliography=doc/ReadMe/biblio.bib

Then just commit the changes. More info available
`here <http://growworkinghard.altervista.org/github-add-autogenerated-bibliography-to-the-readme-file-of-your-github-repository/?doing_wp_cron=1475137239.0128509998321533203125>`__.

References
----------

.. raw:: html

   <div id="refs" class="references">

.. raw:: html

   <div id="ref-david2013:software">

David, Olaf, JC Ascough Ii, Wes Lloyd, TR Green, KW Rojas, GH Leavesley,
and LR Ahuja. 2013. “A Software Engineering Perspective on Environmental
Modeling Framework Design: The Object Modeling System.” *Environmental
Modelling & Software* 39. Elsevier: 201–13.
http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1364815212000886.

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   <div id="ref-peckham2013:component">

Peckham, Scott D, Eric WH Hutton, and Boyana Norris. 2013. “A
Component-Based Approach to Integrated Modeling in the Geosciences: The
Design of Csdms.” *Computers & Geosciences* 53. Elsevier: 3–12.
http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0098300412001252.

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   </div>
